---
layout: post
title:  "About Me"
date:   2021-10-18
desc: "This is a short summary, who am i and what i have done."
keywords: "pentesting, first, blog, post, hacking"
categories: [Personal]
tags: [Personal, About me, Life, Private]
icon: fa-user
---

My Name is Phil Malle and i am 36 years old. I grow up in a smal town in Austria whre i spend the most of the time playing football with my friends. 
I spent 9 years in school. I was never the best student, so after school I decided to start an apprenticeship. 

The search for an apprenticeship was more difficult than I thought. My idea of doing something with computers was not successful at that time. 
Therefore, I decided to accept an apprenticeship as a surface technician. 

After 3.5 years I could finish the apprenticeship with the final examination. 
After that I worked as a skilled worker for another 9 years in this profession. 

After 9 years, however, I was able to make the jump to the technology division. 
I got a job as a scripter. At this job I could expand my knowledge in programming and SCCM. 

In the meantime I started a part-time study at the FH Klagenfurt in the field of network technology. 

After 6 years as a scripter, however, the time has come where I wanted to develop myself further and therefore I have accepted a 
position as a software developer. However, I had to realize that this is not the area where I feel comfortable. That's why I quit after 10 months. 

After this experience, I was finally able to get a job as a network technician after 7 years. In these years I learned a lot 
about the network and could also make 2 certifications in this area of Cisco. 

But in my spare time I had always been interested in cyber security. Since the year 2020 I started to deepen my knowledge in this 
area on several platforms. I learned the basics of penetration testing on "TryHackMe". The more I got into it, the more I wanted to do. 
So I discovered more and more platforms for me and expanded my knowledge. 

So now I have the following platforms where I always learn new things about pentesting:
1. [TryhackMe](https://tryhackme.com)
2. [hackthebox](https://hackthebox.eu)
3. [vulnhub](https://vulnhub.com)
4. [PentestingLab](https://pentesterlab.com)

Through this experience I was able to enter the field of cyber-security. So I changed from the network to the SOC area. 

I have been working in this area since May 2021, where I am now also developing in the field of cyber-defense. 

I have also discovered 2 platforms where I am always learning new things: 
1. [BlueTeamLabs](https://blueteamlabs.online)
2. [Security Blue team](https://securityblue.team)

Since I would like to develop myself again and again, I would like to make further certifications in this area. 
I am currently studying for my first Pentesting certification. 

So this was about my Life in front of the screen and my hands on my keyboard.

---
## My private background 
---

Beside this, i have also a private life. 

With the love of my life i have bought our first home. In this home we have 2 cats and a Dog. 

I am also a father of a son. This is for me the best thing away from the work. I love to spend the time with my wife and my son. 
This is everyday a great plasure for me. To see how he grows and deploy his skills. 

I alos like to go for a swim and in the winter time i like to play football. 

In may 2022, our second child will be born. Can wait to be a father again. I have to say, i love my life more then ever. 

---
## About this Blog
---

with this blog i want to share my special thoughts about Cyber-Security and Hacking topics. For me it is the best way to learn this kind of stuff 
if i write it down and bring it to a place where i can read this what i have learned. 


